  * what is it?
    * An action potential is defined in many different ways. It is a rapid rise and fall in voltage or membrane potential across a cellular membrane. That changing voltage is the electrical impulse(see wiki gif). It is just the movement of ions in and out of neuron
    * So...action potential is above statement, but it is also the resulting electrical impulse sent.
    * An action potential IS an electrochemical event. It delivers a signal when it causes the release of neurochemicals at the synapse.
    * Stimulus from outside above threshold creates action potential and neuron fires (info sent elsewhere)
  * key notes
    * Transmission of a signal is entirely dependent on movement of ions(charged particles)
    * When outside stimulation is large enough to bring membrane potential in neuron body up from -70millivolts to the **threshold **voltage of -55mV or higher, this triggers action potential at the **axon hillock **which then travels down the axon
    * Amplitude of the action potential for a particular neuron(max voltage in 1 neuron during AP) never changes. Action potential doesnt get bigger with bigger stimulus, either happens or does not. However, what can change is frequency of action potential. Neuron may fire many more times per second due to intense pain and less frequent for breeze
  * process of action potential
    * [[neuron at rest]]
    * [[depolarization]]
    * [[overshoot - action potentials]]
    * [[repolarization]]
    * [[absolute refractory period]]
    * [[hyperpolarized]]
    * [[relative refractory period]]
  * **ions moving**
    * As ions move through channel from one side of cell membrane to other, they cause membrane potential to move away from resting potential
    * If change in membrane potential is small, is called **graded potential**. <- can vary in size and be + or -, are transient, and typically do not result from opening of VG ion channels. Neuron moves quickly to reset membrane potential to resting values after graded potential. This is accomplished primarily by **sodium-potassium pump**-which uses energy generated by **ATP hydrolysis** to actively transport ions across the membrane against their concentration gradient
    * Maintaining ionic balance in neurons is so important that that process can count for 20-40% of brain's total energy use
  * questions
    * What is stimulus? i know feeling something physically is, but does it have to be physical/a feeling?
    * Does AP send electric signal or is it itself the electric signal?
      * AP is the event of ions moving, so kind of both
    * Does the electrical impulse sent carry the information or is it itself the information?
    * What does AP do after leaving axon? Does it stay together as rapidly changing voltage as it moves?
    * Do ions go in and out along entire axon or just at beginning and then voltage is just replicated along axon?
      * Action potentials travel down neuronal axons in an ion cascade. Positive ions (mostly sodium ions) flow into the cell body, which triggers transmembrane channels at the start of the axon to open and to let in more positive ions. These new positive ions trigger the channels next to them, which let in even more positive ions. This continues down the axon and creates the action potential.
  * related
    * [[myelin sheaths]]