  * what is it?
    * Simple definition: Burning a fuel is called combustion. 
    * Combustion is a chemical process in which a substance reacts rapidly with oxygen and gives off heat. The original substance is called the fuel, and the source of oxygen is called the oxidizer. The fuel can be a solid, liquid, or gas, although for airplane propulsion the fuel is usually a liquid. The oxidizer, likewise, could be a solid, liquid, or gas, but is usually a gas (air) for airplanes
    * Combustion, or burning, is a high-temperature exothermic redox chemical reaction between a fuel (the [[reductant]]) and an [[oxidant]], usually atmospheric oxygen, that produces oxidized, often gaseous products, in a mixture termed as smoke. Combustion in a fire produces a flame, and the heat produced can make combustion self-sustaining. Combustion is often a complicated sequence of elementary radical reactions. Solid fuels, such as wood and coal, first undergo endothermic [[pyrolysis]] to produce gaseous fuels whose combustion then supplies the heat required to produce more of them.
    * Interestingly, some source of heat is also necessary to start combustion. Gasoline and air are both present in your automobile fuel tank; but combustion does not occur because there is no source of heat. Since heat is both required to start combustion and is itself a product of combustion, we can see why combustion takes place very rapidly. Also, once combustion gets started, we don't have to provide the heat source because the heat of combustion will keep things going.
    * Rusting is not combustion, but similar, it is slow oxidation. Digestion is not combustion because in a combustion reaction carbon dioxide, water, energy, and some byproducts are released.
    * I guess the main reason you need the word combustion is bc fire typically used to describe visual flames, but combustion does not
    * How does combustion actually release heat? Because the binding of compounds releases more energy than was used to break them apart, giving off heat