  * tracking learnings about water
    * learnings on water in regards to electric polarity and dipoles
      * [[2024-09-11]] water's solvent properties (solubility) which is physical property, ionic compounds and polar molecules vs non, erosion #[[fast memo]]
        * membuh: dissolved = homogenous mixture...so iz about concentrations being dispersed...hence why precipitate isnt dissolved (imagine how it just drops like rock when dropped in cup of water)
        * the more soluble = the more substance can be dissolved/homogeneously dispersed in water (calcium oxalate stones have low solubility)
        * Q: is diluting and dissolving the same?
          * **Dissolving** is about the solute becoming part of the solvent at a molecular level (more through intermolecular forces and not chemical bonds)
          * **Diluting** is about reducing the concentration of the solute that's ALREADY dissolved in the solvent (like osmosis sending water to lower the concentration of sodium in bloodstream)
        * physical prop bc related to substances being dissolved in physical way DUE to chemical properties. BUT the process of dissolving is not chemical bonding/reaction - so not chemical prop
          * grok2 clarification: **Water's solvent properties** are indeed **physical properties** because they relate to the physical mixing of substances without changing their chemical nature. However, **these properties arise from water's chemical characteristics**, particularly its polarity and hydrogen bonding capabilities (not all types of bonding are chemical and most dissolved isnt bonding - more like intermolecular forces). The process of dissolving, in most cases, does not involve a chemical reaction or the formation of new chemical bonds between water and the solute, making it more of a physical process facilitated by chemical properties.
          * NOTE: there are nuances and edge cases, but dont think necessary for me rn
        * POLARIZED WATER PULING STUFF LIKE SALT AND SUGAR APART: water is polarized with 2 positive hydrogen on one side and other side with 1 oxygen being negative. EX: put salt (Na+Cl-) in there and water surrounds it and separates it bc Na+ goes to negative O and Cl- goes to H. key point: polarization makes water good at dissolving stuff, ESPECIALLY ionic compounds like Na+Cl- AND other polar molecules like sugars. Sugars, like glucose (C₆H₁₂O₆), are polar molecules, not ionic compounds
        * meme 4 membuhing salt is ionic compound and sugars are polar: table salt is conductive when dissolved (most ionicCompounds are bc free ions)...electwicity = ionic. sugars are sweet...like polar bears...
        * non-ionic-compounds and non-polar-molecules either wont dissolve in water or it will be limited - but seems usually just wont at all (bc cant be pulled apart...like calcium oxalate precipitate cant)...altho CO actually is ionic compound, but haz LOW solubility in water. solo ions dissolve fine tho
        * meme: Os are neg. Hydrogen and Calcium are positive, but oxygen and oxalate are negative (citrate in lemon juice is neg once in bloodstream USUALLY, hence binds with calcium to prevent calcium binding with oxalate...and CaCitrate not gonna form stone)
        * WATER IS POLAR: water is polar molecule and not ionic compound bc of TYPE of bonding. right this moment i dont know diff types of bonds so knowledge kinda poopy
        * DIFF IN IONIC COMPOUND and POLAR MOLECULE: ionic compound is ions held together. BUT compound itself is not charged (altho can be). Polar molecule is diff thing than both these - it’s about internal charge distribution and dipole structure (and also whole is not charged...but can be)
        * NOTE: erosion is totally different process than dissolving/solubility. Erosion more about things being moved by water rather than being dissolved by it
        * embodying: so dis b what goin on when i b puttin salt and sugar and magnesium chloride in my water eh?