  * [[TODO soon]]
    * [x] Call Dr Stone about how to do nasal rinse. Do i do 2 nasal rinses, one after the other? You left note to do Compound after Methylene rinse. Or do i combine MB with antibiotic compound? Also, i scheduled to come back, but i never got an email so i dont know when. Also, do i stop after 1 month? How long to continue?
  * [[TODO eventually - one day - dreams]]
    * [x] Post argument for finiteness is beautiful or needed argument on IM
    * [x] Post argument for Musk's change thing for death

  * [[Log of health notes]]
    * I had little specks of blood in nose after sinus rinse today
    * There was 3 small red dots in poop this morning. Haven't ate anything red except maybe kimchi
    * 2 days ago, burning sensation all over my body was intense. I stood at Southpoint theatre in the sun and was burning all over (it's worse when hot). Yesterday the burning sensation all over my body chilled out. Barely felt it, except in head when moving eyebrows up. Possible reasons it got better: 1) getting that sunset sunlight for long period of time while talking to Storm 2) Methylene Blue nasal rinse is working. However, today my body is back to burning, so maybe it was the sunset sun that helped.
    * I've noticed since doing nasal rinse with methylene blue, my throat isn't as much an issue when talking. It's common for me to talk and feels like throat is closing and hard for voice to come out. Recently, voice has been coming out much easier. Maybe just due to nasal pathways being much more clear?? Maybe random??
    * Occasional pain in left rib has been consistent past few weeks