  * [[TODO soon]]
    * [x] Puramint will call about nasal spray prescription. then, go pick it up

    * [x] See if I qualify for unemployment. If so, wait until on it. Then, apply for financial assistance with button in MyChart. If that doesn't workout, then check finances and then pay MRI charge on UNC Chart
    * [x] Start probiotic and netty pot with MB tomorrow [[2022-08-28]]
    * [x] See if i have xbox sub and if so, cancel it
    * [x] Messge Billy and see if song in watch later is good to send
    * [x] look into [[Oregano]] pros and cons. i heard multiple times that it is good for Candida overgrowth. 
    * [x] Send front and back of insurance and all medical history to Regenisis
    * [x] Decide to go see emo night at Motorco OR go see new Dragonball movie

  * [[To Buy NOW List]]
    * [x] Go buy [[Oregano]]. Can find in fresh, dried, or oil form. I will get fresh and dried. Fresh in Produce department and dried in spices section
    * [x] pickup netty pot for sinus rinse with methylene blue
    *  

  * [[Log of health notes]]
    * Last 2 days, have occasionally had 2/10 pressure and 1/10 pain on that bone on left rib. I can't tell if pain is just at skin or deeper. Will keep observing
    * Started Probiotic supplement today. I ate 1 with dinner. Will eat 1 every other day for week. Then, 1/day for week. Then, 2/day for week
  * [[Tracking, experimenting with how to accomplish my desires]]
    * For month of September, I will only focus on Japanese AND streaming games for fun. Those are 2 main things I want to do for 1 month. Just to see how it goes. Other tasks will surely come up. If they are large projects, then do not chase them. But of course, small tasks are expected. I chose this route because I think gaming will be chill main project while dealing with chronic health issues. Will allow me to not be overloaded.
      * [ ] How does it feel doing this?