  * [[TODO soon]]
    * [x] ask dad about taking a risk on me

    * [x] make MM safe again 
      * [x] Check if need to push any feature branches and local projects up for all projects
      * [x] Make sure have all ENV files. Laptop prob needs both feels envs
      * [x] Post Demons Crest vids
      * What to reinstall
        * Cakewalk, Audacity
    * [x] Write down tax loss due to hack
    * [x] Do research on colon/endo scary things
    * [x] Make vid using Florida videos
    * [x] Decide on node biopsy or not and find other options
    * [x] Try to get call with ENT Cristine N Klatt-Cromwell at UNC OTOLARYNGOLOGY MEADOWMONT
      * Neurologist told me to report back to you that everything looks good from him

      * Online said can confirm sinus infection with swab of snot and send to lab 
      * Anything else you can do for me? Nose culture to double check for infection? Send me to infectious disease doctor?
      * im still getting significant popping coming out of nose
      * Waiting to do colonoscopy and endoscopy for stable job
    * [x] Do research on 2 pain meds
    * [x] Get appointment with Bob Taylor ENT
    * [x] Get appointment with Carl McMillan biological dentist
    * [x] Research lactic acid

  * [[Log of health notes]]
    * Butt hole muscles been hurting 3/10 after pooping yesterday lol

    * Wasn't sure if could run due to skin burning (not terrible today) and butt hole. But did run. Did zone 3. After about 1 mile, felt very light pain at left V line and left chest. Decided to stop once felt that. Could feel pulse very strong in left hand too.
    * Indian restaurant lady gave me caffeine tea and my heart started beating loudly all over and felt heartburn for like 15 minutes. 
    * think under jaw pain may have increased during caffeine, so maybe acid reflux inflammation?