  * [[Log of health notes]]
    * Woke up with right nostril quite clogged. Felt like clogged with hard mucus. So, I did a regular saline rinse. For some reason, just after one of rinses, I smelt sweet smell. Kinda smelt like stevia. Only stevia thing i consumed yesterday is prebiotic. So weird. Nothing else in bathroom smells sweet. Also, rinse mostly, but not fully works
    * I shit you not, i feel better today than i have in months (at least this morning). My skin isnt burning anywhere, even head. The top of forehead doesnt feel scaly. When i showered, barely any hairs fell out when drying hair. Not really any jaw pain. What did i do differently? Some ideas: 1) ive been trying to sleep on back to avoid clenching teeth in sleep 2) ive been getting 1 hour of sun each day 3) praying and increasing every moment to God 5) probiotic and prebiotic 6) back to wall L arms stretch/exercise
    * Around 10:30am while sitting in chair at desk, my left kidney area started hurting from 4/10 to 7/10 pain. It is aching pain. I'm uncertain if it is constipation or kidney stone. Only thing i did before then is sit in chair and drink Ceylon tea with Magnesium Chloride and honey. I had tea last night, so maybe it's because too much tea?? Pain is right side only. Feel it in back and front side, but more on front side. Feel it most intense from bottom of right side of rib to about top of right pelvic bone that pokes out.
    * Went to ER and it was 6mm kidney stone. Dis bish better pass bc moneyyyyy
    * At ER, got CT from lungs down to weeny. Got urinalysis. Got blood taken.