  * [[TODO soon]]
    * [x] Think about creating Toonami after party 
    * [x] Claim DF rewards
    * [x] Pay rent after first paycheck
    * [x] Figure out viebcamp stuff
    * [x] Make first cc purhcase on what tho?
    * [x] Watch Boys Over Flowers: F4 After Story
    * [x] Start at step 3 here: https://www.tensorflow.org/resources/learn-ml/basics-of-tensorflow-for-js-development
    * [x] Try using GPT to learn Japanese for x time
      * should i make 2 days Japanese days??
    * [x] Incorporate new info on encrypting stuff based on that forum 
    * [x] Start my preparing notes in here
    * [x] Find out how to backup my roam
  * [[Social journal]]
    * finally went to intuitive meetup for first time today. It was transformative
    * people i met

      * Mark

        * older balding dude that is associate manager of events

        * Likes philosophy. Had that channel in discord, but people didn't use it.
      * Ryan

        * PhD scientist of sorts. Now working on ai. nerdy. Learning types helped to get framework to talk to people. 
        * Felt like i related with him a lot

      * Colton

        * Chill vibe like Storm. Long blonde hair. Hello kitty hoody. Diabetic. 

      * Molly

        * With Colton. Very friendly and introverted. Also diabetic. 
      * Derek

        * Think he may also help run events. 
        * Apparently he is my golden match. they think im infj and he is en..??
        * He taught me a shit ton about how types work
        * There is 2 groups: intuitives and sensors. Still not totally sure i understand difference

        * Those 2 groups can be broken down more. Introverted intuitives. Extroverted intuitives. So i guess same thing for sensors.
        * You have many degrees. First is what is default for you. 
        * I felt like he was purposely giving me what I want, but he said it's just all for him and fun. Super interesting. 
        * Filtering is not easy for him. He thinks through talking. Whereas something hits my mind first and then i talk. 
        * im extroverted feeling, i want the best for the people I'm with. He is introverted feeling and only cares about his feelings and his close group. Sounds like James lol
        * Questions

          * Why was i super exhausted, even physically, after Colton and Molly left, but then after talking to Derek for bit again, i became energized and less pain even?
          * Can i do what he does? Just totally doing for self and no filter. Just thinking through socializing. Do i want to? 
    * mbti stuff never clicked with me until a knowledgeable person about it connected with me socially and explained it. 
    * Apparently ENFP is golden pair with my type, but why?
    * While i enjoyed the crap out of this and could talk deep forever, part of me wanted to do a type of socializing that isnt deep. I think i may want to practice FUN, but not DEEP socializing more. How can i practice?
      * Only way ive found that maybe is this is by just being dumb.
    * I found i wanted to meet many more people, but found it hard to get myself to leave comfort and interestingness of first people i met. 
    * There was one girl i talked to there, Molly. It felt like when i talked to her, i didn't feel the urge to be as deep. I felt the urge to be more emotional and simple. And ask about details of her experiences. I think maybe i was less focused on myself?? But didnt feel like fun fun, more like genuine nice connection.