  * [[Data journal]]
    * What is pros and cons of GIVING your data publicly?
      * PROS
        * Opens doors for ANYONE to use this data in any way
        * People may know that data is from you if displayed that it is
        * If data is shared just by itself, may be hard to find. But could also share data in data union publicly, then it is not by itself.
      * CONS
        * You lose the ability to earn money from your data
    * What is pros and cons of GIVING your data privately?
      * PROS
        * You can earn money from insights from your data
        * Maybe you dont want that data seen. It can stay private
      * CONS
        * Nobody knows that data is from you. This can be valuable actually
    * I can imagine a tech that identifies data as insight data or straight up data
    * I can imagine a tech that takes a data service and shows data you input and insights that come from data. This makes sure that user is okay with the insights being produced from their data.
    * I can imagine a tech that takes any data and identifies it with someone if it is public data
    * What is the value of using OCEAN to sell/buy data versus just selling/buying data using basic NFT ownership? For example, using Ocean Protocol vs using index.as
      * PRO for OCEAN: With compute-to-data, data is guaranteed private. Even if someone pays to use the data, they only get insights from the data, not the actual data itself. If someone can decrypt the data using a plain NFT, then once they have access, they have the data straightup forever.
      * CON for OCEAN: With compute-to-data, if provider goes down, i think the data is no longer accessible...EXCEPT maybe dont need to worry about this with DATA UNION that is trusted
  * PB
    * 56:26 and 1:00:34
  * [[Speedrunning journal]]
    * Well i just PBed in BKGR any%. Somehow the WR is over 10 minutes better, but i dont get how. I can improve my run by maybe 1-2 minutes if i am perfect, but that's it. I dont think it's worth trying to improve consciously anymore, so i will chill on doing runs, unless some public event or something.
    * Watching Varldin's run of BKGR any% and it's literally not even anything special. He somehow even messes up like me, but somehow his basic movement is faster than mine.