  * [[Shmoji Journal]]
    * i find when something adversarial happens that is directed at me, i reallyyyy feel the need to respond. It lingers in back of mind if i dont respond. And then when i respond, a weight is lifted. Also find these events are often quite novel. They bring a lot of novelty to my own mind.
  * [[Log of health notes]]
    * Starting Chanca piedra supplement today to see if it breaks my stone bb. 
    * The supps i have are 1000mg (1g) for every 2 capsules
    * how much to take?
      * website: In one human study that showed improvements in kidney stones, the daily dosage was 4.5 grams of chanca piedra infused in one cup of hot water twice daily for 12 weeks
      * website: Art from California (Earth Clinic Top Contributor) writes: "I've only used the **500mg capsules taken two at breakfast, 2 at lunch and 2 at dinner for a total of 3 grams per day**. This generally works for me within two weeks or less. My friends that have tried it have had pretty much the same experience as me. Chanca Piedra can sometimes have a rather strong taste so I avoid the tea in order to avoid the taste."
      * im just gonna take 1 capsule in morning and 1 in afternoon for 3 days. Then i will switch to 2 in morning and 2 at dinner.
  * [[creator journal, creative, tracking]]
    * i think i want to be the dude people watch on YT to keep up with innovation. I can livestream diving into some tech - and people can decide based on my long livestreams or my summarized YT vids...or will ijust post stream idk? Maybe livestreams on coding channel and libofCreations for succinct videos? ^fGye7Zegt
      * the streams will def have very mundane parts and debugging, so maybe i can find way to post to YT only non-mundane parts? Maybe on YT i can just put vocal recap of my experience and somewhere else i put full stream. So i do livestream which is fun. Then, i do vocal recap off stream which is fun (maybe on-stream if i become good with words/memory). Maybe i can summarize at end of stream and use AI to summarize based on video script to help me out if i forget.
      * do i want to stream as if im talking to an audience or just chill like im learning for myself? mix of both i suppose, but mostly myself. Maybe fully for myself.
