  * [[Log of health notes]]
    * Had to take binder just before bed bc forgot... maybe not good. Woke up in night with 1) tummy hurt 2) had to pee 3) left upper head twitching and left abs twitching
    * Just got message from a friggin weak ago that never got notified to me. Blood taken for CIRS panel showed my lipase levels were extremely high (268) - according to Dr J this can mean pancreas or gallbladder issue or pancreatitis. Recommended CT or ultrasound of abdomen.
    * what causes high lipase levels? my ideas: 1) lipid rescue 2) cod liver 3) mycopul
      * i do feel there's been a few times since starting lipid rescue that ab pain has happened, but nothing online seems to say LR should affect anything
    * I wonder if pain i'd been feeling in lower back near kidneys this whole time has been pancreas pain?
      * I dont think my ideas above can cause pancreas issues. I wonder if it was triggered around time of last kidney stone. First thing that comes to mind is the medications they made me take: 1) toradol 2) Flomax - maybe that caused it
        * ai on this pattern:
          * Toradol is nsaid. NSAIDs and Pancreatitis: Some NSAIDs have been associated with pancreatitis, although the link is not well-established. Pancreatitis can lead to increased levels of lipase, an enzyme produced by the pancreas. Gastrointestinal Effects: NSAIDs, including Toradol, can cause gastrointestinal issues, including ulcers and bleeding. These effects might indirectly affect the pancreas or lipase levels.
          * Flomax doesnt seem related
