  * [[Social journal]]
    * Went to punk/metal show last night. Instead of letting brain default to focusing on issues, i defaulted to abundance and love. Which can be hard. Especially hard as pain in face increases. I talked with drummer of Bleak and connected with him. Connected a little with Katie, who i was surprised to see. I wanted to catch up more with her and she seemed interested in talking, but never found the chance and my voice no work inside loud place lol. I didnt talk to any random people; kinda wish i would have.
    * After show i came home to frens trying cigar. I easily chatted with them and when things got quiet, i didnt dwell in it. I enjoyed it. Then at one point i was the most talkative and social, which was weird. I actually dialed it back because i dont like when only i talk and no one else gets the chance to talk. Yet i still wanted to talk more, so ill have to figure out how to talk more without being burden in future social situations. I also get bored of listening after like 15-30 minutes, but if in big group, that's just how it is. 
    * One thing i noticed when talking is that i try to say the thing as quick as possible as if im not allowed to talk. I want to not do that, but also want to not focus on that problem in social situations. In future, i will try to focus on times i said something profound, but in a more relaxed way, and replicate that
  * [[Log of health notes]]
    * Wanted to take note that ginger tea makes my stomach hurt. Could be acid reflux or number of things
  * [[Data journal]]
    * So i have 2 data buy/sell types so far in my mind. 1: Ocean Protocol, which is data as asset. 2: Data as MEMBERSHIP. This is Lit Protocol and Unlock Protocol as used by index.as
    * Data as membership always offers the data straight up. Once someone has membership, they have data and can duplicate it. Ocean's compute-to-data is ahead of the game here. They give insights to data, but not actual data. Insights come from computing on data, even tho cant see it (i think)