  * what domain is whyspia from business perspective? [[whyspia business]] #[[fast memo]] ^cRDm0mJRq
    * social good. social impact
    * mental health and well-being
    * community development
    * public benefit
    * nonprofit innovation
    * cultural innovation
    * placemaking
    * experience design
    * future of work and social infrastructure
    * Q: what is whyspia target audience?
      * LONELY PEOPLE, AWKARD PEOPLE: lonely people is stereotypical one. Especially lonely in the sense that they want a community, but cant find one
      * PEOPLE THAT WANT ALIGNED COMMUNITY: people that want community but dont have it and cant find one. Specifically, a community that is aligned with them. They can do what they want with other people around. Dont have to commit to some sport or one thing.
      * ALL: artists and creators and learners but we accept all. we want to unlock the agency of everyone so they can vibe with life and find alignment/connection with people, places, and rhythms of their life - heart alignment
    * Q: how stay sustainable?
      * donations
      * quest idea that is like bounties, but more cultural - doesn't depend on tech
      * helping with heart alignment
      * if there's space, lil shops and cafes/restaurants in our spaces like at AppState student union
    * Q: unique value
      * FIND ALIGNED COMMUNITY/PEOPLE: low energy community. good for awkward people. lonely people.
      * PRESENCE, SOCIAL, ALIGNED: place for social presence, but it's aligned because you can do whatever you want without social or monetary pressure
      * HEART ALIGNMENT: a place to go to and work towards alignment with your heart if you want