  * [[ChatGPT profile project TODO]]
  * Common blockers to not get blocked on
    * Figuring out how to keep long-term memory
      * Solution: rely on GPT API anytime mem is needed. Try to use DB as little as possible. Obv building DB structure takes time
    * Figuring out how to make backend work at all
      * Solution: take UX frontend in your head and just try to make it using only frontend storage. Dont even worry about backend bc it gets too complex.
  * list of desires to build UX for
    * [[My desires]]
    * Shortcuts
      * I want to tweet. This opens twitter right to tweet mode
    * Thoughts

  * Visuals / UX
    * Random ideas

      * First thing you see when you open app is "what do you want right now?", and these options ("i want to do trivia or answer questions", "i want to accomplish a goal", "i dont know"). Maybe previous Goals there for quick access. 
      * Somewhere, people can literally enter what they WANT and then we will create UX for that WANT. Can see way in future where 1 entire team employed (or DAO) for every single WANT UX flow
    * Home page
      * Just like Tinder except with questions. Maybe this is also in modal so can ask/answer questions in other places than just home page.
    * Account page
      * Questions
        * Where does user input info into their account? What info?
          * There will be "Answer" button in header that pops up modal where people can answer predefined questions (or answer their own questions; not-MVP).
        * What is first thing user sees on their profile?
          * Starts with empty skeleton of profile page, so it already looks like profile before adding any info
          * Maybe a bunch of tabs are displayed:
            * Answers, Goals, Likes
    * Answering questions
      * Default page is like tinder default once logged in. Option 2 is answer modal (click answer button on header)
        * Looks just like Tinder - swipe yes or no for questions. Instead of user needing to enter questions themselves, they can just swipe. This even works for desires. Ex: do you want to be rich one day? Yes or no. Maybe they can even add more details optionally. Maybe optionally put it on chain too.
        * Considering using IM sliding rate visual. But requires more than just one click, unlike tinder. Maybe user can choose between tinder UI and complex UI?
  * Key points for MVP
    * Questions will be hardcoded in the beginning. That way, users don't need to input them AND user's can just swipe yes or no like tinder for questions. I think questions will eventually have tags like answers
  * Algorithm
    * ANSWERING: Algorithm from observer of UX on desktop when answering a question
      * User lands on home page. They login.
      * Default page is just like tinder except questions. Keep it simple as possible.
      * They tap agree or disagree for some question
      * This will insert answer data into DB, but first it does other things. It puts a question labeled as question and answer labeled as answer in quotations. Then it says "Label the text in the quotations above in as many ways as you possibly can." This is sent to GPT, which then returns a list of tags. 
      * Then, the answer is put in DB. Stored as question FK, text answer, text rating (0-100), tags, ownerFK
      * User can go to their profile and edit any answers. They will also see metadata categories created from tags attached to their answers.
    * QUESTIONING: Algorithm from user that wants to ask a question so they can then answer it
      * User lands on site/app. They click some "new question" button
      * UI prompts for new question. They type it and while typing, already submitted questions appear. They can choose one or just keep typing. This should be just like quora
      * They submit question and it immediately takes user to that question's page
  * Reasons this is needed

    * Was just scrolling twitter, discord, fb, insta and realized I'd been doing it too long and didn't want to anymore. But didn't want to work at desk bc it's late at night. But didn't wanna do leisure stuff, wanted to get something done. So, i sat and thought about projects and how to progress them. (how to achieve my goals to add value to world) Which is basically just asking myself a bunch of questions. SO, instead of current social media, i need something that will let me answer questions in moments like this. 
  * Concepts for this project
    * Questions
      * There will be question types
        * Rn im thinking two types. divergent and convergent. Divergent doesnt have yes or no answer. Convergent does. 
        * But im also thinking maybe questions will have tags just like answers generated by GPT, but not sure
      * Asking Questions

      * Answering questions
  * Name ideas
    * Build You
    * Who are you
    * Who am i
  * Short pitch
    * Generating questions to help you add more value to the world
  * Brainstorming
    * Use GPT to come up with UI maybe
    * isAgreeable = use GPT to see if each question is something that can be agreed or disagreed with
  * Costs
    * To keep convo going, you have to keep concatenating new user inputs onto a convo variable to send in as prompt. This would become expensive FAST and this is just making a ChatGPT clone.
  * Different versions of this project
    * Way where dev or user can explicitly set the complex and simple desires/goals for each prompt that is sent to GPT
    * The one that optimizes for completing your specific goals
    * The one that optimizes for asking you questions that over-time are more tailored to you. You find it fun to answer them and build the question/answer pairs on your profile. It becomes more and more fun to answer as it tailors the questions to your interests or stuff you want to display on your profile.
  * Notes
    * There will be costs, so project needs to generate money
    * Can manually enter questions into GPT for people's questions to save costs