  * tracking thoughts on what it is
    * [[2024-05-04]]
      * today watched Joscha Bach talk related to cyborganimism or something like that and it prompted insight into what consciousness is
      * what clicked: you're born and as kid you reference self in third person until certain age. Your brain actually develops its own game/world engine based on environment. Eventually the self becomes a small part of this. i imagine sensations, actions or reactions (including breath), thoughts, tryings (what trying to do), cares (what caring about), morals (what youre confident is good or bad) contained in self. i imagine body and environment outside of self but still part of game engine your brain generates
      * also this was AHA: different forms of consciousness emerge when different minds interact

much violence in the world comes from a refusal or inability to go meta *enough* as a collective mind

this refusal or inability can take many forms. Someone physically hurts, but cant express that to the group

someone or multiple people have some unique understanding differing from others, but they cant find time to share or they're too stuck in a blame game or others wont listen, etc
      * [[ShmojiMindMapPublic-2025-05-24-12-15-07_cleaned/ShmojiMindMapPublic-2025-05-24-12-15-07_cleaned/tracking reducing pain, methods#^yjFCndSSj|wanted to add to that list more parts of self that are generated by you: knowing vs not knowing, control vs release, sensation vs not sensation]]
    * [[2024-12-14]]
      * Joscha Bach - Why Your Thoughts Aren't Yours. ML Street Talk poddy notes:
      * consciousness = second order perception
      * 2 features of consciousness:
        * 1: we are experiencing. Not just content is present (not just camera sensor detecting photons or even ML algo detecting patterns in activations/detections of camera - this is not experience). Something registers that something is registering. Not just presence of content, but also the registration that this content is present. Not an inference/logic/symbolic, it happens immediately in the moment. Not reasoning/cognition, it's perception. But not perception of content, perception of perception.
        * 2: where is consciousness? it is software, so iz not in space - it iz just modeling a space as a content and can be IMPLEMENTED in region of physical universe. But where it happens is wrong question. WHEN does it happen? always happens NOW. never in past, never in future. never not now. NOW is time period. Bubble of nowness can be larger or smaller, depending on how in sync we are with env, calmness, how much we integrate into this bubble

  * what is it?
    * using comparison: if [[sentience]] is ability to respond to stimulus - consciousness is that ability + ability to experience of that stimulus. For example, the condition called Blind Sight. They are blind - cant see. But if you throw them ball, they can catch it, but have no conscious experience of doing it (do they remember it?). So, they are sentient here, but no conscious experience of that sentience.
    * Joscha: a training mechanism that biological nervous systems discover to become trainable BC you cant take nervous system like ours and do stochastic radiant descent back propagation over a hundred layers. This would not be stable on biological neurons. Instead we start with colonizing principle in which a part of the mental representations form a notion of being a self-reflexive observer that is imposing coherence on its environment. This spreads until boundary of mind.
      * if that boundary is no longer clear cut bc AI is jumping across substrates, we'd have global mind
    * QRI: In the context of QRI's research, consciousness is *what it's like to be something*, i.e., the fact of experience itself. As such, consciousness includes subjective experience of any kind and may not require intelligence or self-awareness. For example, consciousness is likely exhibited during sleep.
    * Az from MagickML discord:
      * Consciousness is a top-down emergent process caused by the interaction between physical matter and the quintessential mathematics governing reality.
      * The notion of consciousness as an emergent process implies that it is not a fundamental property of matter, but rather arises from the collective behavior of a large number of interacting components. This is similar to how the phenomenon of water emerges from the interactions of individual water molecules, or how the property of liquidity emerges from the interactions of individual gas particles.
    * what is it functionally?
      * anecdotes
        * Joscha Bach
          * You can think of your consciousness as a self reflexive principle that is discovered by and possessing your brain and turns it into a mind, and your personal self as an agentic mental content that is discovered by and possessing your mind.
            * breaking it down
              * consciousness is discovered by your brain
              * consciousness is possessing your brain
              * consciousness turns your brain into a mind
              * personal self is an agentic mental content (piece of mind)
              * personal self is discovered by your mind
              * personal self is possessing your mind
            * questions
              * how is consciousness discovered by the brain?
                * my answer: i guess i agree bc one day i went from conscious to not conscious and i suppose my brain did that shiz - i didnt think my way into it
              * now im wondering again what is consciousness?
  * what is it valuable for?
    * Joscha: coherence
  * related
    * [[bandwidth for consciousness]]