  * what is load balancing? #memo ^B6sxdf5Ha
    * in terms of home server running expressjs API: it's when you run multiple instances of that app at same time. Each instance uses a different port. Can all be on one device or multiple devices (but ive only seen 1 device version). Load balancer directs traffic to one of these instances - distributes traffic to multiple servers for maybe obv reasons. From what i know, a reverse proxy like nginx defines a config setting (small portion of reverse proxy config) + some small code changes in expressjs when creating servers with ports - and then boom that's it - load balanced bb - that's what a load balancer is - just a config and small changes made to a reverse proxy. EDIT: well it looks this way bc load balancing is integrated into nginx reverse proxy. It is its own separate logic that can often be separate from reverse proxy. But just depends.

  * questions
    * [[ShmojiMindMapPublic-2025-05-24-12-15-07_cleaned/ShmojiMindMapPublic-2025-05-24-12-15-07_cleaned/AWS EC2#^IUsVmUVQg|can i run express api on EC2 instance without load balancer? trying to lower costs]]
    * what is the point of load balancer if you only have like 1 ec2 instance?
      * [[ShmojiMindMapPublic-2025-05-24-12-15-07_cleaned/ShmojiMindMapPublic-2025-05-24-12-15-07_cleaned/AWS EC2#^4ijLQWYky|To clarify, a load balancer won't improve availability or scalability with just one EC2 instance in any significant way. It could filter out malicious or unnecessary requests, if properly configured to do so, but in this case, the most likely value from the load balancer is that it allows terminating TLS with a certificate issued by Amazon Certificate Manager (ACM) at no additional cost. To use HTTPS without a load balancer or CloudFront, a TLS certificate would have to be obtained from a third party certificate authority and maintained either manually or with a third-party automation.]]
    * ((-bQ8uQw5t))
