  * questions
    * why does rust have such good performance?
      * One of the main reasons that Rust is able to achieve its performance is that it does *not* use a virtual machine or garbage collector. When Rust code is built, it produces machine code and binaries at a systems level, like C or C++. To further improve on this, Rust also has zero-cost abstractions. Zero-cost abstractions allow developers to focus on writing clean, performant, and maintainable code, as the compiler will remove the abstractions used and produce optimized machine code
        * example: Discord switched from Go to Rust largely because these spikes wreak havoc on systems and user experience. They would have @mention spikes of 2 seconds or higher with Go, while Rust would consistently be in the sub-second range
    * why does rust have such good reliability, safety, uptime?
      * To ensure safety, Rust has introduced a memory ownership system, enforced at compile time, rather than runtime. This ownership system determines who is using data, and when it is free to release that data and, once freed, ensures that no one else can improperly use that data.
        * example: This additional security has led to a large number of companies needing secure-by-default software to start implementing code in Rust. Rust was created by Mozilla for use in Firefox to improve performance and security. Google and Microsoft have both been introducing more Rust into systems such as Windows and Android.
      * IS THIS RUST THING OR CERAMIC THING?: One final benefit to Rust is our ability to deliver binaries for systems, providing a verifiable supply chain to your running program, and allowing you to choose whether you want to run our software natively on your system, or through a container. For those of you choosing containers, we are also able to deliver much smaller images, usually 100-200mb or less, compared to our Javascript images, which are much closer to 1GB in size.
