  * tracking
    * [[2024-05-06]]
      * for some reason, this on consciousness - especially part about being the game engine generator and everything else is just a part of that - including feelings, etc mentioned here: [[ShmojiMindMapPublic-2025-05-24-12-15-07_cleaned/ShmojiMindMapPublic-2025-05-24-12-15-07_cleaned/consciousness#^jof8TEISq|May 4th, 2024]]
      * wanted to add to that list more parts of self that are generated by you: knowing vs not knowing, control vs release, sensation vs not sensation ^yjFCndSSj
      * i was singing in car today and felt like i could do both control and release at same time which was interesting
    * [[2024-05-20]]
      * had method that worked incredibly well last night. You see some pain or some construct like your inner dialogue or self. You start from the generator spot of nothing. Then you feel the present sensations. Then simultaneously you expand and go to the outer edges of those sensations AND fall through those sensation edges (i found it super useful to imagine twisting the edges around my finger). i also noticed it worked even better if for this part of falling through or twisting the sensation edges if you allowed your actual full body of movement into those points. For example, almost feeling a forward bend of whole body, but only in one edge of sensation of pain in your head. kinda hard to explain that
      * inspired by tantric stuff ;] so i wonder if this is mainly for growing pleasant sensations rather than getting rid of unpleasant sensations - or maybe both??
    * [[2024-05-28]]
      * i have pain. i notice the part of me feeling that pain. i notice the part of me observing part feeling pain and trying to help reduce the pain. i connect those 2 parts to the whole of Self. Some reason that helps lower pain
      * i noticed that combining this method with the last one works well. Specifically, taking the observer part and doing the outer edge sensation expansion and twisty/fally thing
    * [[2024-06-02]]
      * become aware of your default tensions
      * make your new default a form of release or abundance
      * keep and integrate the old default tensions as an expression of self
      * have found this to help a lot with chronic pain and intense situations. Hardest part is recognizing when you're defaulting to a certain set of tensions
    * [[2024-06-17]]
      * while driving home from vc, was having lots of pain from sitting for 8 hour drive. method that really helped: imagining boundaries of body in mental model as sphere of polygons. imagining boundaries of environment (helps to literally imagine in what you see with eyes) as wrapper sphere with polygons. then imagining energy flowing from smaller to bigger and sometimes dissipating
    * [[2024-06-27]]
      * the latest potential self update for dealing with pain: consider all sensations as free agents - including sensations that come from potential futures
      * let all those free agents do their own thing - even if this leads to more pain
      * AND at same time, align these free agents together with the free flowing, non-pain parts of you. Let the tension and the release emerge together
      * been having a lot of progress with this
      * sometimes if the pain is overwhelming, it can be hard to find the non-pain/chosen parts of you. This may be hard to explain, but i found tricks for this too:
      * Put attention on your breathing. Notice how it disperses through your body. You can pretty quickly notice where all the tensions/pains are in your body and how breathing seems to get stuck there or not flow through those spots
      * Now, imagine that with each of these pains, there is a specific observer observing these pains
      * you want to partially detach from these pain:observer pairs
      * dont leave what you detach from behind completely unless you're so overwhelmed you need to
      * then imagine your breathe connecting all sensation:observer pairs - including the pairs feeling the breathing and the pairs controlling the breathing (you'll notice the thing doing the connecting isnt actually breath once you get to this point)
      * this should help you get in touch with a part that helps with pain relief
    * [[2024-08-01]]
      * [[ShmojiMindMapPublic-2025-05-24-12-15-07_cleaned/ShmojiMindMapPublic-2025-05-24-12-15-07_cleaned/tracking how i got to sleep#^iHiB1ShJb|i was having lot of success relieving tension by doing thing that is hard to explain where you aim towards good sensations or release or outside tensions, then can visualize using finger to twist and twirl all tensions into the target. seems this is same as putting all sensations you feel from whole body into one sensation without actually moving those body parts. being aware of awareness helps this process too]]
    * [[2024-09-19]]
      * i noticed a way of living where you let tension and pain move through you (so it can stay), but you just focus on what is bringing you life. This keeps popping up time after time last few weeks. EX: been trying to use it in convos: historically ive always felt all kinds of bad feels in convos pressuring me to provide certain facial expressions and feelings back - so trying to figure out how to not focus so much on those bad feels
      * it really is a kind of mental move. could be wrong, but i think it's just a quickly executed mental move, not one that needs to be maintained over time using energy
      * the thing above is also somehow related to that meme saw about "i just gotta" loop being about looking for safety and you dont just gotta do anything. this scales to all sensations and mental actions
      * noticed if i can literally breathe into the alive thing/the thing outside of "i gotta", but still allow the tension/"i gotta" - then this is OP
    * [[2024-10-17]]
      * nom nom nom mind eating mind in excess
      * good qualia takes the hit
      * bad qualia uncontrollably emerges as pain or tension
      * Jesus of each context helps here. Generators of tension are seen. Desires are seen. Eating mind in excess is seen. Each one wants good qualia or not bad qualia and is seen
      * sometimes feels like you have to imagine pain sensation as that specific sensation's converted-to-good-qualia form - which for me is often tingly - but quickly turn mind back off - move in direction of good qualia BUT still bring all tension with you
      * be in your default state without needing change while feeling Jesus is always there to see THAT you. Dont even need to spend any energy for any change - the good change will be natural as with Jesus
    * [[2024-11-01]]
      * basically breathing into body shapes where each observer originates, but not becoming the contents of each observer. You still allow those contents and you still allow judgements, bad contents, good contents - but you just be the connecting point of all observers which is kinda nothing
      * "seeing" is really valid abstract term bc that is basically the lowest level where you actually FEEL when people say feel your feelings. SEE that sensation being felt to the origin point and allow it all, but dont be it
      * i feel combining "be ur body" with the being the list of observers works really well (but dont mix up being body for being contents of observer's sensations)
      * NOTE: you are not ur breathing or feeling of breathing. Also not the observer enacting actions or the feeling of those - be the origin point of those observers
    * [[2024-11-05]]
      * pretty much all of last note holds. But today i noticed that energy breath in and outtt OP - specifically feeling into the OUT breath of energy. Not controlling it. i actually see energy naturally branching where needs to go. But when you feel tensions, it can help to breath in to the observer of it, then out breathe will connect to that too
      * tbh it kinda feels like instead of being just observer or just content on in-breath or out-breath, feels like being both at same time is best. at least thaz vibe rn
    * [[2024-11-07]]
      * need to play with more: trusting both the unknown (typically experience it on in-breath) and the content (typically experience it on out-breath)
      * the content is often tougher bc it haz pain/tension sensations
      * i think in-breath has content too, maybe just less?
    * [[2024-12-19]]
      * remebered old method and helped me get to sleep and reduce pain last night: each inbreath and outbreath BOTH go to infinity instead of hitting a limit. Sometimes uncontrollably they will be constrained by sensations, but over time both flow to infinity (which feels like no pain, feels good)
      * another key point: you can get limited and increase pain by focusing too much on method, so try to just be a body while doing the above - and then those 2 together are OP
    * [[2025-01-02]]
      * yesterday for like just a few minutes, WHILE STILL FOCUSING ATTENTION on stuff i want, i was able to reduce pain
      * i thought back to party how social situations are SO QUICK that you literally cant focus on anything except the quick social situation or youll miss something quick. Due to this, you really cant focus much on thoughts or feelings really You just gotta be them i guess idk
      * i also noticed since there is so much info in social situations, you cant really focus at all somewhat. iz like you have to expand your awareness as wide as possible, but somehow retain and comprehend all the info coming in very very quickly. im usually slow in both the retain and comprehend department
      * so i tried applying no attention to the pain attacking me AND expanding awareness as wide as possible while still retaining and comprehending
      * i found after doing this, it enabled me to slightly breathe into the spots where the pain were/are. no idea what this means, but that's what it felt like
      * this was very rare bc ive almost never been able to reduce pain without putting all focus on reducing pain. so basically never if focus is on something. but did it this time for very short period

    * [[2025-01-03]]
      * tbh was using multiple methods at once. but final step that worked: at every observer/feeling point in body, allowing the sensations there and returning/staying with that inner eye movement feeling. Same thing with sensations of thought and inner hearing
      * basically relying on the inner eye movement - always falling back to that - which im uncertain if you have to do anything to fall back on it...almost seems like it is nondoing, but maybe not - maybe iz just very low level doing idk
      * once i started this last step, i quickly passed out to sleep
    * [[2025-03-12]]
      * been playing with: notice tension, for split second consciously "breathe" into the NOT of that tension (the release), but then let go of that ideal and trust/faith that happens for all tension when needed. Bc if you dont it gets neurotic like a strategy you have to focus on
    * [[2025-05-01]]
      * the story/feeling/experience is the representation. The extreme sensation being avoided is the reality (or needs to be accepted as fully part of reality)
