  * tracking learnings and questions
    * [[2024-10-16]] what is main abortion disagreement, Trumps stance, Roe v Wade, COOP FED #[[fast memo]]
      * okay so Trump wants state to determine abortion laws and Harris wants federal gov to decide it
      * so if state decides it and women has to go to other state for abortion - maybe she cant - that leads to higher death risk than federal just allowing her to do in her own state. What does Trump think about that? A: hasnt spoken to that point it seems
      * i think you want as little power to the fedGov as possible, so that means good for state to decide on abortion laws and not fedGov. But some things seem universal - like everyone deserves free healthcare in my opinion. So you can think of fedGov being the parent that can override the state to enforce that a person has access to abortion necessities. So that points towards fedGov having centralized power over abortion stuff being better. But still, giving more power to the larger entity to enforce is a slippery slope - so im still not sure about that
      * EX of slippery slope: Maduro in Venezuelan election. Maduro consolidated power significantly since he took office. This includes control over the military, the judiciary, and the electoral council (CNE), which are critical institutions in any state. When one entity or individual controls these institutions, it often leads to a lack of checks and balances (diff entities in power checking and limiting each other - u stay JUST yo), which is fundamental to democratic governance.
      * It kinda seems like in the short-term, having the fedGov enforce may be better, but lead to more issues long-term. Whereas, states making the decisions may be worse short-term, but lead to better outcomes long-term
      * this also may be optimistic thinking because i have an underlying assumption that each state over long time (decades) would eventually resolve on what is right/just
      * Roe v Wade and Trump stance: fedGov says woman can have abortion. Trump wants to overturn it and fedGov has no say - but states each decide.
      * COOP FED: i wonder if there's a way or system already existing to set standards that fedGov endorses, but they cant enforce anything - and states have to decide what actions are taken or what is enforced. EDIT: GPT says already exists and known as cooperative federalism. examples: The Clean Air Act (CAA), Education Policy (Every Student Succeeds Act - ESSA), Medicaid - well i know education sucks here, so im not so sure CF is good lol - but i feel if these policies could be dynamic then this would be good - you gotta update real-time at all scales
      * schizo thought: bet you could monitor for these large centralized entity standards in 2 places: 1) liminal non-defined and 2) defined through conscious consensus - and see what dese entities up to, if they exist, etc